Address rest of AD review, extensive editorial comments (#42)
ietf-wg-sedate/draft-ietf-sedate-datetime-extended: draft-ietf-sedate-datetime-extended.md

For instance, it does not address:

* Future time given as a local time in some specified time zone, where
  changes to the definition of that time zone (such as a political

>   decision to enact or rescind daylight saving time) affect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  decision to enact or rescind Daylight Saving Time) changes the
```

>   instant in time corresponding with the timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instant in time represented by the timestamp.
```

* "Floating time", i.e., a local time without information describing
  the UTC offset or time zone in which it should be interpreted.
* The use of timescales different from UTC, such as International Atomic
  Time (TAI).

However, additional information augmenting a fixed timestamp may be
sufficient to detect an inconsistency between intention and the actual
information in the timestamp, such as between the UTC offset and time zone
name.

> For instance, such inconsistencies might arise because of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, inconsistencies might arise because of:
```

* political decisions as discussed above, or
* updates to time zone definitions being applied at different times
  by timestamp producers and receivers, or

> * errors in the applications producing and consuming such timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* errors in applications producing and consuming timestamps.
```

> While the information available in an IXDTF string is not generally sufficient to resolve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the information available in an IXDTF string is usually insufficient to resolve
```

Author: I like the somewhat weaker statement in the present text.

  called `tz` or `zoneinfo`) maintained by IANA {{TZDB}}{{BCP175}}.
  Most IANA time zones
  are named for the largest city in a particular region that shares
  the same time zone rules, e.g., `Europe/Paris` or `Asia/Tokyo` {{TZDB-NAMING}}.

  The rules defined for a named IANA time zone can change
  over time.
  The use of a named IANA time zone implies that the intent is for the

>   rules to apply that are current at the time of interpretation, i.e.,
>   the additional information conveyed by using that time zone name is
>   to change with the changed rules as recorded in the IANA time zone
>   database.

Reviewer: I found this long sentence to be a bit confusing. Here's a minor suggestion to break it up into two sentences. 

```suggestion
  rules to apply that were current at the time of interpretation.
  If rules in the IANA time zone database are updated, then the
  additional information conveyed by the time zone name may change.
```

Author: I think this changes the semantics a bit much.  I made a simpler simplification.
